So let's go to our success and actually start styling here.
So I'm going to click on Main see assess.
You can see that this was our last section.
So this would be the End of Project or here.
And once we have the End of Project or here we want to create a comment of contact here.
Copy and paste the line here and end of contact.
Now for the end of contact what we would want is we would first start with a contact section.
So we're going to say only contact and over here we're going to do a background.
Now for a background we're going to do more.
I don't know where this is going to be s..
So we're all going to say this will be a section.
So again we're not going to be mixing actual gray color because just in case you would want to change
the color note here again let's do the same thing let's do a thing.
Now this is going to be three or Reems and zero.
So really top bottom is going to be three and left or right is going to be zero.
And after we have planning now I would want a contact or hire center and again for the centering we're
going to do the same thing with the same max with is going to be 80.
Are you with us or you doing this.
And then we're going to have again a lot of margin for the margin.
We're going to have two RPMs here or we're like this hour we're actually working with the center.
You can see or hear now we have more margins once we're done with a contact center.
Now what I would want is to work with this letter.
Remember that this header is holding the name and holding that e-mail.
And what we can do is we can create this a header as a flex box container so we're going to say contract
to of course had her on here.
How far ahead are you going to say first display flex like this so I can see that right away side by
side.
Then once we have the flex and we would want a justified content space between here.
So basically push them as far as possible from each other and then we're going to have a flex ramp.
So basically if the screen is going to get too small We're going to say that we would want a rapid.
And also we would want a margin margin wouldn't be to RPMs and no one here zero.
So basically still for the whole Hetter we were one margin but still would want these texts and input
and email to look like this.
So once we have our hand her and actually style all the inputs.
So here we're going to say first contact name and we're going to have a contact via e-mail.
So basically select them all.
The last one is going to be contact and text text area or here like this.
And what we would one for all.
Well on here first we would want a background and we're going to say background is going to be transparent.
Guess and I can see that we don't have that back and after that we would want a border and we were one
border none.
So basically border would disappear then we would want a border bottom here.
And for the border bottom we're actually going to have a caller.
So for the caller we're going to have three pixels solid and we're going to save our own here in this
case.
This is going to be dark like this so we sang it.
You can see that.
Now I have my waters in the bottom.
So once we have the waters then we would want also a panning.
So for the padding is going to be zero point two five RPMs and zero.
So 0.05 bottom left and right zero margin is going to be to Reems zero here.
So there's also going to be margin bottom but zero on the sides and or font size we're going to say
1.2 rpms.
So they're basically bigger font size.
So this is how it's going to look like some of the ones we have styled and this actually work with a
contact name and contact e-mail.
So here I'm going to say contact on your two underscores name and that I also want a contact and e-mail.
So I would want with them I would want to flex.
So all here I'm going to say flex 00 Coke here Coke.
And for the color we're going to say very easy we're going to say 50 percent minus one aria.
So again we're making sure that there's going to be room.
So basically as it gets to the bigger screen where it doesn't need to wrap you can see that it's going
to be taking 50 percent.
However there is going to be this one argument between two and this is all going to be working with
him.
Now once we have set the contact name and contact e-mail now we're going to do contact and we're going
to say textarea.
And for textarea I was going to say very simple and to say with and the with is actually going to be
hundred percent money.
So once we say you can see that all the time it's going to be taking all the space.
Now the last one is actually going to be contact button or here we're going to say that for the contact
button we would want a contact and we would want a beganto 200 course BGN and we're going to start with
background var this is going to be a color wheel like this and this is would be the color for the button
that we would want the actual color and the color is going to be light.
So again we're going to do a wire and light here so this is going to be our light color over here.
So once we have set the background there we would want a display of block.
So basically I would want this button all the time to be in the next row.
So that's why I'm using the display one.
Then we're going to have a margin margin of 0 0 0 0 here because I actually want to place it in the
center.
Then we're going to do a planning 0.5 RPMs and 1 am.
So I'm going to save it and it's going to look like this.
Then we're going to have a margin on top.
And this is going to be to our Reems.
This is going to be the top margin then we can do a font size.
And for the font size we're going to have 1.5 RPMs over here.
So basically this is going to be bigger than LEDs do text transform and this is going to be uppercase
it's going to make sure that the font is uppercase letter spacing.
When I say 0.5 RPMs I miss so now our letters have more space in between.
And then we're going to do a transition.
So here we're going to say a transition this is going to be all zero point five seconds when you're
this is going to be a linear transition.
And like I said before basically what we're doing with transition and making sure that change is happening
over time not right away because on here we're going to say a contact that will have a contact between
and hover.
So going to between and on here.
So here we're going to say that we all want a background now the background is going to be lights are
on here light right here and this is going to be our background.
Then we also want a color.
Now the color is actually going to be dark so boring and this is going to be dark color.
So I will say this.
Check it out.
We have so right now as you can see the changes happening as I'm hovering over here.
And the last one is actually going to be water.
So here I'm going to say there's going to be a border and we would want basically bought a car.
So if we want or here this morning we would just want a water cooler.
So here say hair color I guess.
And for the water we would want a dark color.
So I more dark hair on this.
So we're going to we need to go back here and have a dark.
So I would say this you know here as I'm hovering You can see that right now I have my dark more.
And once we have our border the last thing let's do the I.
So here are going to just create a little bit more room here and you can see that I made the mistake.
I need to create a curly braces.
No let's do the icon.
So we are going to say contact and let's do icon.
So contact icon for the icon is going to be very straight forward.
Well we're going to say well your margin will get a slim margin right.
Is going to be zero point five rpms or so is going to create a little bit more room.
So let's go ahead and let's actually check it out.
We have with the S..
So I'm going to go with the portfolio record.
We're going to refresh.
And this is how our contact action is going to work and once we're done with this section now we can
go ahead and start working on it for.